DOCS-7906 Code Analysis Documentation Updates (#23491)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/_index.md

## Overview

> By running Code Analysis, you can obtain results for violations found by [Static Analysis][1] and [Software Composition Analysis (SCA)][2] scans in your repositories. 

Author: ```suggestion
Code Analysis displays results for violations found by [Static Analysis][1] and [Software Composition Analysis (SCA)][2] scans in your repositories. 
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

With Static Analysis, you can receive automated feedback on poor coding practices and security vulnerabilities on the code you write [directly in an IDE][11] such as [VS Code][3] or [IntelliJ & PyCharm][4], and in your [pull requests on GitHub][5]. 

{{< img src="developers/ide_plugins/vscode/static-analysis-issue.png" alt="A Static Analysis result in Visual Studio Code" style="width:100%;">}}

## Set up Code Analysis on your repository

Click **+ Add a Repository** on the [**Code Analysis Repositories** page][9] and choose to run the scans directly in Datadog or in your CI pipelines.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog" %}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Datadog-hosted scans are supported by Software Composition Analysis (SCA) and GitHub repositories only. To enable Static Analysis or if you are not using a GitHub repository, run scans in your CI pipelines instead.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Datadog-hosted scans are supported by Software Composition Analysis (SCA) and GitHub repositories only. To enable Static Analysis or use a different CI provider, run scans in your CI pipelines instead.</div>
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the most accurate way to describe alternative repos other than Github.

To enable [Software Composition Analysis][101] on a GitHub repository, click **Select Repositories** and click the toggle for `Enable Software Composition Analysis (SCA)`.

{{< img src="code_analysis/setup/enable_account.png" alt="Enable Software Composition Analysis on all repositories for your GitHub account" style="width:100%;">}}

Optionally, you can select specific GitHub repositories to enable SCA by clicking the toggle for each repository.

{{< img src="code_analysis/setup/enable_repository.png" alt="Enable Software Composition Analysis on a GitHub repository" style="width:100%;">}}

[101]: /code_analysis/software_composition_analysis

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CI Pipelines" %}}

> If you are not using a GitHub repository, you can select which scans you'd like to run ([Static Analysis][106] and [Software Composition Analysis][107]) and configure your CI pipeline provider accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not want to run your scans directly through Datadog, you can select which scans you'd like to run ([Static Analysis][106] and [Software Composition Analysis][107]) and configure your CI pipeline provider accordingly.
```

## Configure your CI/CD provider

See the following documentation to configure your CI/CD provider to run Static Analysis and SCA scans:

- [Static Analysis and GitHub Actions][101]
- [Static Analysis and CircleCI Orbs][102]
- [Static Analysis and Generic CI Providers][103]
- [Software Composition Analysis and GitHub Actions][104]
- [Software Composition Analysis and Generic CI Providers][105]

> [101]: code_analysis/static_analysis/github_actions 
> [102]: code_analysis/static_analysis/circleci_orbs 
> [103]: code_analysis/static_analysis/generic_ci_providers 
> [104]: code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/github_actions 
> [105]: code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/generic_ci_providers 

Author: ```suggestion
[101]: /code_analysis/static_analysis/github_actions 
[102]: /code_analysis/static_analysis/circleci_orbs 
[103]: /code_analysis/static_analysis/generic_ci_providers 
[104]: /code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/github_actions 
[105]: /code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/generic_ci_providers 
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Integrations

With Static Analysis, you can receive automated feedback on poor coding practices and security vulnerabilities on the code you write [directly in an IDE][11] such as [VS Code][3] or [IntelliJ & PyCharm][4], and in your [pull requests on GitHub][5]. 

{{< img src="developers/ide_plugins/vscode/static-analysis-issue.png" alt="A Static Analysis result in Visual Studio Code" style="width:100%;">}}

## Set up Code Analysis on your repository

Click **+ Add a Repository** on the [**Code Analysis Repositories** page][9] and choose to run the scans directly in Datadog or in your CI pipelines.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">Datadog-hosted scans are supported by Software Composition Analysis (SCA) and GitHub repositories only. To enable Static Analysis or use a different CI provider, run scans in your CI pipelines instead.</div>

> To enable [Software Composition Analysis][101] on GitHub repositories, click **Select Repositories** on your desired GitHub account and click the toggle for `Enable Software Composition Analysis (SCA)` to enable for all repositories. If you don't see any GitHub accounts listed, [create a new GitHub App][12] to get started.

Reviewer 2: The hyperlink for the creating a new GitHub App isn't rendering correctly, I think the URL is supposed to be [102] instead of [12]?

Author: ```suggestion
To enable [Software Composition Analysis][101] on GitHub repositories, click **Select Repositories** on your desired GitHub account and click the toggle for `Enable Software Composition Analysis (SCA)` to enable for all repositories. If you don't see any GitHub accounts listed, [create a new GitHub App][102] to get started.
```

{{< img src="code_analysis/setup/enable_account.png" alt="Enable Software Composition Analysis on all repositories for your GitHub account" style="width:100%;">}}

Optionally, you can select specific GitHub repositories to enable SCA by clicking the toggle for each repository.

{{< img src="code_analysis/setup/enable_repository.png" alt="Enable Software Composition Analysis on a GitHub repository" style="width:100%;">}}

> [101]: /code_analysis/software_composition_analysis

Author: ```suggestion
[101]: /code_analysis/software_composition_analysis
[102]: /integrations/github/
```

[7]: /integrations/github/#link-a-repository-in-your-organization-or-personal-account
[8]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration
[9]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/code-analysis
[10]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=codeanalysis

> [11]: /code_analysis/ide_plugins/

Author: ```suggestion
[11]: /code_analysis/ide_plugins/
[12]: /integrations/github/
```

[7]: /integrations/github/#link-a-repository-in-your-organization-or-personal-account
[8]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration
[9]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/code-analysis
[10]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=codeanalysis
[11]: /code_analysis/ide_plugins/

> [12]: /integrations/github/

Author: ```suggestion
```
